Brother John Foster has served as a member of the United States
Bethel family for more than 50 years,
but one day something unexpected happened
that changed his life.
I was baptized in 1958 and January the 11th
at a high school in Detroit.
The ministry was very important to me because I meant the lives of individuals
and so I considered it a priority to go out into the ministry.
I applied for Bethel in 1962 as a District Convention
and I arrived there on my birthday in December of 28, 1962.
I came to Bethel and I was determined to use my strength
the best way possible.
And so I worked very hard to produce the publications
because I realized that it meant lives of individuals.
It was a very good time for me because I could
give my all to Jehovah at any young age when I was strong
and could carry out more.
In 2006 everything changed.
I was in a Jehovah car accident.
We were on our way to the congregation
and we hit a tree.
I got a broken neck and a broken leg
and unfortunately the driver did not survive.
The others that were in the car didn't receive injuries as severe.
I was in the coma for three weeks.
When I woke up, I dealt with the pain of my recovery
by witnessing to people.
I wanted to place literature with the people in the hospital
and almost seem like an unworked feel.
I placed a Bible teachbook with my surgeon
and I told him that you saved my life
so I want to save your life.
If I was concerned after the accident
whether Bethel would be able to use me in a meaningful way
and not simply tolerate me,
the responsibilities that I have now
are to work with the books that have been printed from all over the world
and we put them in archives as examples
of the printing that have been done.
Another job I have once in a while
is to talk to departments
and give them encouraging talks.
I assume that I would heal
and be better than I am now
and be able to return to what I used to do
when I was wrong in that.
I feel that I'm doing the best I can
so I feel comfortable.
I wish I could do more
but I just don't have the ability to do more
and so I met peace with Jehovah.
I know that he understands my situation
and I'm doing the best I can
and that any real improvement
is going to come from life in a new system of things.
So that's where my hope is
that I'll make it to the new system of things
and that I'll yet see
and improve my own well-perfect health really.